A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.

A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.

When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.

What happens when you mix human DNA with goat DNA? You get kicked out of the petting zoo.

A neutron walked into a bar and asked, "How much for a gin and tonic?" The bartender smiled and replied, "For you, no charge."

Have you heard the one about the sick chemist? If you can’t helium, and you can’t curium, you’ll probably have to barium.

Have you heard that entropy isn't what it used to be?

Heisenberg was stopped by a traffic cop. He asked, "Do you know how fast you were going?" Heisenberg replied, "No, but I know where I am"

A boy riding in a train looks sees Einstein sitting next to him. Excited he asks, "Excuse me, professor. Does Boston stop at this train?"

A little boy refused to run anymore. When his mother asked him why, he replied, "I heard that the faster you go, the shorter you become."

There is a sign in Munich that reads, "Heisenberg might have slept here." 

This product is composed of matter: It is the responsibility of the User to make sure that it does not come in contact with antimatter

This product cannot be guaranteed to function normally near a black hole.

This product contains countless, minute, electrically charged particles moving at extremely high speeds

Due to quantum tunneling, there is an extremely tiny chance that this product may suddenly disappear at any time (and reappear elsewhere).

Unknown Fact: You can be cooled to -273.15C and be 0K.

Biology is the only science in which multiplication is the same thing as division. 

Did you hear about the famous microbiologist who traveled in thirty different countries? He was a man of many cultures.

Confucius once said, "When you breathe, you inspire, and when you do not breathe, you expire."

The wives of the American Society of Otolaryngologists have a cute saying: "The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus."

I was up all night wondering where the Sun had gone; ... then it dawned on me.

Do you have mole problems? If so, call Avogadro at 602-1023.

This is the last chemistry joke because all the good ones argon

A cross eyed biology teacher was fired because she could not keep her pupils straight

Girl, your so hot you denature my proteins
